EKS Hybrid documentation improvements (4.6.0) (#5731)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/edgeforge-workflow/palette-canvos/arg.md

| `CIS_HARDENING`               | Whether to harden Edge artifacts according to [Center for Internet Security (CIS) standards](https://www.cisecurity.org/cis-benchmarks).                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `true`, `false`, Default is `false`.                                                               |
| `CLUSTERCONFIG`               | Path to a cluster definition file. For more information refer to [Export Cluster Definition](../../local-ui/cluster-management/export-cluster-definition.md).                                                                                                                                                                                   | URL string.                                                                                        |

> | `CUSTOM_TAG`                  | A custom tag for the provider images. This custom tag will be appended to the `IMAGE_REGISTRY` and `IMAGE_REPO` parameters to form the full image tag.                                                                                                                                                                                          | Lowercase alphanumeric string without spaces.                                                      |

Author: ```suggestion
| `CUSTOM_TAG`                  | A custom tag for the provider images. This custom tag will be appended at the end to form the full image tag, which is formed as `$IMAGE_REGISTRY/$IMAGE_REPO:$K8S_DISTRIBUTION-$K8S_VERSION-$PE-VERSION-$CUSTOM_TAG`. `$PE_VERSION` refers to the Palette Edge agent version, which is automatically determined.                                                                                                                                                                                          | Lowercase alphanumeric string without spaces.                                                      |
```

> | `CUSTOM_TAG`                  | A custom tag for the provider images. This custom tag will be appended at the end to form the full image tag, which is formed as `$IMAGE_REGISTRY/$IMAGE_REPO:$K8S_DISTRIBUTION-$K8S_VERSION-$PE-VERSION-$CUSTOM_TAG`. `$PE_VERSION` refers to the Palette Edge agent version, which is automatically determined.                                                                                                                                                                                          | Lowercase alphanumeric string without spaces.                                                      |

Author: Updated the description for `CUSTOM_TAG`.

| `ISO_NAME`                    | Name of the Installer ISO file. Required.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Lowercase alphanumeric string without spaces. The characters `-` and `_` are allowed.              |
| `IS_UKI`                      | Determines whether to build a Unified Kernel Image (UKI) to enabled Trusted Boot. Refer to [Trusted Boot](../../trusted-boot/trusted-boot.md) for more information.                                                                                                                                                                             | `true`, `false`. Default is `false`.                                                               |

> | `K8S_DISTRIBUTION`            | Kubernetes distribution.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | ` k3s`, `rke2`, `kubeadm`, `kubeadm-fips`, `nodeadm`.                                              |

Author: `nodeadm` option added to `K8S_DISTRIBUTION`.

> | `K8S_VERSION`                 | Kubernetes version. The available versions vary depending on the specified `K8S_DISTRIBUTION`. Review the `k8s_version.json` file in the [CanvOS](https://github.com/spectrocloud/CanvOS) repository for all supported versions.                                                                                                                | Semantic Versioning patch release format - `x.y.z`.                                                |

Author: New option for `K8S_VERSION`.
